how's it going everybody i am here with
a little video now you guys have been
really great about giving away at giving
away coming over to the new channel and
stuff uh there was you know not much
hassle everyone seemed to be okay with
it and yeah so i was really pleased with
everything so I decided you know what as
a small thank you gift I'm gonna begin
with agenda sec to a random lucky person
there are basically what you gotta do
you just got to post a comment and
that's how I'm gonna pick me pick a
random comment and leave a like on the
video and I will choose a winner by I
want to see next Tuesday just because I
have really really busy actually i could
probably be saturday but i believe to be
saturday or tuesday i just have a really
busy schedule basically getting ready to
graduate in May so schools gonna be you
know the big hassle so uh yeah so I
would probably either saturday or
tuesday that'll contact the winner and
ask me it on Wi-Fi and stuff so just uh
what you gotta do is post a comment with
your friend code in the comment section
below my I will give you my friend code
when I contact you whoever wins or
whatever so that'll happen and I want to
say like I don't think this is out of
the realm of possibility so here's the
genesect that I'm going to give away to
you let's see can I f7 well network that
does work awesome so it is uh just a
standard genesect with ice cream federal
you turn you can opt for my bus or
something it just has
I was going for coverage so that's what
it is it's easy in a special attack and
speed and I think like 46 attack so
ready for use you can do that and then I
want to say like if we can get like 500
likes I think that's a decent amount i
mean i'm sure enough of you will watch
it i will give away keldeo also to
another random person and i think that's
that's good i think that's not too far
of a benchmark it and they're both 6iv
they were transferred from black dude y
2 and they were given to me not too long
ago by a kind person so I figured I
would you know do something a little bit
to give back and hopefully you guys are
interested so yeah so just leave a
comment also if you'd like you can
contact other people in the comments if
you want to trade your battle I highly
recommend that on all of my videos so
that you guys can you know interact with
each other and get battles and trades if
you need to because there's really not a
solid place to do that that Ellie's that
I know of or you know as convenience so
feel free to do that and I will see you
guys in another battle video so peace
out